Lantern Festival
I heard it.
What did you hear?
Oh big brother
The king has gone to Mingtikosa
Su Ming
Is it the same to burn it when I'm done playing?
Such a beauty
Killing directly is not a violent iron object
The eldest prince also asked you to go to the city gate to see and tell
I see. Go ahead.
Ang Lee
Here I come.
It was really the First Prince
Try it.
Read the notice on the city wall
Is their way of doing things
Is Your Highness helpful to you?
I'm helping my brother-in-law, it's helping me too much
Then I'll take you away
His Highness Chen Yuanxiao rescued Su Rongrong
What about Wang Zhuo?
Wang Zhuo and his men are all dead
Just die
If you die, you won't speak.
Can't tell
Tell them not to move around recently
Hide it all for me
Yes
Chen Yuanxiao
I really underestimated you
Ling Xue Rongrong lives alone outside
There will definitely be danger
Why don't you let him live in our house for the time being?
See if it works.